Day 1: 13-04-2023
1. Started working on React JS admin portal POC project
2. Developed all the four screen components
3 Added Routing using react-router-dom v6
4 Added Firebase Authentication but having Bug.
----------
Day 2: 14-04-2023
Progress: 1. Fixed Login and Signup Issue with Firebase Authentication
        2. Connected with Firebase Real time database to store the user's information
        3. Fetching Employee details from the database and showing them on the dashboard table
        4. Admin can now add more employees, read the employee, and delete the employee from the table and database.
        5. And Logout Functionality also working as expected.

       
Optimization and Additional feature to add:
          1. Edit the employee details,  showing prefilled into form, sand update the db.
          2. Session-based login
          3. Unit test cases.

Day 3: 17-04-2023
I have finished the theory part of OPPS concepts of Java and am Done with the system setup will all necessary software installed.


Day 5: 18-04-2023
I have finished the Exception Handling, Interface, and Collection Framework.

Day 6: 19-04-2023
I have finished the Stream API, and Lambda Function and also practiced Oops Problem from Hacker Rank.
Will practice more on Collection and Problem-solving using Java.

Day 7: 20-04-2023

Worked on Maven and Creating MultiModule Maven Project. Created project both using maven cmd and using intellij IDE.
Added Dependency of one, module to another to use inter module.

Day 8: 24-04-2023

Started with writing unit test cases using Junit 5
Added Maven dependency of junit5 into IntelliJ IDE, and Running sample test cases.
Added junit test life cycle methods of junit 5( beforeEach, BeforeAll, AfterEach, AfterAll)
Testing exception using assertThrows annotation.
Conditional Execution, Repeation execution, and also parameterized test cases execution from valuesource, method source and csvSource.
Implemented all different types of annotation provided into the JUnit 5 framework.
Followed the YouTube video below to learn.
https://youtu.be/vZm0lHciFsQ
https://youtu.be/flpmSXVTqBI

Day 8/9, 26-04-2023

Started with springBoot Tutorial and understanding spring core framework Concept.
Understanding core spring concept IOC, Dependency Injection.
Adding Depency using constructor-based, annotation-based, and Java Config File.
Understanding AOP programming, to eliminate dependency into separate modules.
Created Springboot Project from Spring initializer.
Created SpringBoot Application RESTFUL API, with CRUD Functionality.
Implemented using h2 in-memory database.
Used spring data JPA, spring-boot, and h2 database.


Day 10 28-04-2023

Modifying Springboot RestAPI to use MongoDB instead of h2 in the memory database.
Connected spring boot application to store data into Mogodb server
Added Mongo db config to application.properties files
Added unit test cases
migrated application.properties file to application.yml file.
Added different profiles to run the application for different databases, like dev, QA, and prod.
Added actuator as dependency and monitoring.

Day 11 02-05-2023


Gone Through core mono Db concepts, reading the MongoDB document and book, MongoDB for professionals.
CURD operation on MongoDB
Getting DB Information, getting all connlections
Updating single field of document, without overriding using $set.
Retrieving documents using different conditions 
Use of Different methods like count, sort, skip, limit
Using Aggregation queries to search for a more complex collection
Adding Index to Collections.


Day 11/12  03-04-2023 to 04-05-2023
Below is my status from the Java learning track for Day 10 and Day 11:

Studying Spring Security and adding it to the Spring boot feature:
Created Restful API to register the USER
Integrated Mongo dB with spring boot to store the user information.
Added Spring Security dependency into the project 
Register the user with a token with an expiration time of 10 min.
Feature to validate the registered user using URL and resend the token API.
Both User and Validation tokens are stored in Mongodb as separate collections.

Day 13 08/05/2023

Below is my status from the Java learning track for Day 13:

Studying Spring Security and adding it to the Spring boot feature:

Adding different methods to reset the password, and change the password using a link
Adding Custom Login API, to authenticate using username and password from DB (Facing issue will connect with mentor tomorrow first half)
Understanding of OAUTH2.0 protocol
Flow of adding OAUTH2.0 into spring-boot application(Ongoing).

Will connect with you on tomorrow for a better understanding of OAUTH2.0 and login functionality KT.

https://github.com/s-hardik/fullstack-training/tree/master/Java%20Projects/Spring%20Framework/SpringSecurityDemo


Apart from this gone through with few concepts of JavaScript brush-up and implemented the Leet-code for practice:

JavaScript Practice Repository:
Solving 1 leet code Easy problem
 Understanding This keyword
Applying call, apply and bind method of function
Deep copy and Shallow Copy methods.

https://github.com/s-hardik/JavaScript-Practice-DSA


Day 14 09/05/2023

Gone through with different approached to use spring security, 
Implementation of Login using spring security.
Interacted with mentor to get understanding of spring login approached.

Day 15 10/05/2023

Today started with backend Application development of the first POC assignment below is the progress:

      1. Created Spring-Boot project for Employee Management POC project.
      2. Connected MongoDB to the application
      3. Build CRUD API to update the employee details as admin.
      4. Added the curd functionality to Frontend React Application.
      5. Implemented all CRUD Functionality to modify the DB and Work as Expected.

Below is the code for both frontend and backend.

Frontend:
https://github.com/s-hardik/fullstack-training/tree/master/Admin-Portal-React-POC/admin-portal

Backend:
https://github.com/s-hardik/fullstack-training/tree/master/Java%20Projects/Spring%20Framework/EmployeeManagementPortal

Will add Spring Security to the application With Roles.


Day 16/17 12-05-2023

Below is my status from the Java learning track for Day 15 and Day 16:

Today started with backend Application development of the first POC assignment below is the progress:

Understanding Core concepts of Spring Security and Implementing into real projects.
Added spring security into backed server
New Authentication API are added to sign in and Register the user
Once The user Sign in JWT token is shared. 
Validating Further request using JWT token and Providing access to private URL
Added same authentication login into frontend reactjs and Working as expected.
Pending Task and Improvements:
   1. Register and Logout Flow from frontend
   2. Authorization 
   3. Unit Test Cases
   4. Adding Swagger
   5. Documentation
   6. Deplyment

